[VoiceOver] Update Guidelines Doc (#13229)
wordpress-mobile/WordPress-iOS: docs/voiceover-guidelines.md

* [`accessibilityHint`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/objectivec/nsobject/1615093-accessibilityhint): A brief, localized phrase that describes the results of an action on an element

As an example, for a Share button, the recommended attributes would be:

```swift
button.accessibilityLabel = "Share"
button.accessibilityTraits = .button
button.accessibilityHint = "Opens the sharing sheet."
```

However, it is important to provide [helpful and accurate attributes](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/UserExperience/Conceptual/iPhoneAccessibility/Making_Application_Accessible/Making_Application_Accessible.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40008785-CH102-SW6). The strings used for the attributes should also be [localized](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/MacOSX/Conceptual/BPInternational/InternationalizingYourCode/InternationalizingYourCode.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/10000171i-CH4-SW1).

#### <a namme="labels"></a>Labels

For a regular control or view, Apple recommends that labels should:

- Describe the element briefly.
- Not include the type of control or view.
- Begin with a capitalized word.
- Not end with a period.
- Be localized.

> Beginning with a capitalized word and not ending with a period helps VoiceOver read the label with the appropiate inflection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with a capitalized word and not ending with a period helps VoiceOver read the label with the appropriate inflection.
```

Author: Oof. Thanks! 😄

<img src="images/voiceover-guidelines/textfield-empty.png" width="400">

However, a problem shows up if you enter `”John”` as the first name, and `”Doe”` as the last name. 

<img src="images/voiceover-guidelines/textfield-filled.png" width="400">

VoiceOver will no longer read the `”First name”` and `”Last name”` placeholders. How will a user, especially someone with short-term memory, know which field is which? 

You can improve the experience by making sure that the text fields have accessibility labels.

```swift
firstNameTextField.accessibilityLabel = "First name"
lastNameTextField.accessibilityLabel = "Last name"
```

<img src="images/voiceover-guidelines/textfield-filled-with-label.png" width="400">

With this, VoiceOver will read the label (e.g. `"First name"`) and the value (e.g. `"John"`).

### <a name="grouping-elements"></a>Grouping Elements

If a group of elements represent a single unit of information, consider grouping them into one accessibility element. This helps reduce clutter and makes your app easier to understand and navigate. 

> Take the following custom `UITableViewCell` as an example. It has at least 5 accessible elements. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take the following custom `UITableViewCell` as an example. It has at least five accessible elements. 
```

<img src="images/voiceover-guidelines/group-elements-before.png" width="320">

Since there are potentially more cells like this in the table, it would be very easy for a VoiceOver user to lose context. To improve this, you can:

> - Group the elements together by concatenating the information in the `UITableViewCell`'s `accessibilityLabel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Group the elements by concatenating the information in the `UITableViewCell`'s `accessibilityLabel`.
```
The "together" here isn't necessary since it creates a tautology 😉

Author: TIL **tautology** 😄 🙇

- And make the child elements inaccessible by setting their `isAccessibilityElement` to `false`.

```swift
class CustomCell: UITableViewCell {
    override var accessibilityLabel: String? {
        get {
            let format = "Post by %@, from %@. %@. %@. %@. Excerpt. %@."
            return String(format: format,
                          author,
                          blogName,
                          datePublished,
                          isFollowing ? "Following" : "",
                          title,
                          excerpt)
        }
        set { }
    }
}
```

When the cell is focused, VoiceOver would then speak something like this:

```
Post by Carolyn Wells, from Discover. 6 days ago. Following. 
Around the World with WordPress: Jamaica. 
Excerpt. Today, we’re highlighting five sites from the island paradise of Jamaica.
```

- Prefer to place the most important elements first. The VoiceOver user can prefer to skip if they've already listened to what they need. This is why we placed the `excerpt` last in the example.

> - Don't forget the periods when concatenating. They make VoiceOver pause which helps in comprehension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't forget the periods when concatenating. They make VoiceOver pause, which helps in comprehension.
```

> - Don't forget the periods when concatenating. They make VoiceOver pause which helps in comprehension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't forget the periods when concatenating. They make VoiceOver pause which helps to prevent incomprehension.
```
Since incomprehension is a word, "in comprehension" might be misrepresented.

- The `"Excerpt".` static text in the example is used as a separator and _signals_ that a very long text will be read by VoiceOver.

### <a name="navigation-order"></a>Navigation Order

VoiceOver may not navigate views in the order that you'd naturally expect. For example, this `UITableViewCell` has nested stack views where:

> - The vertical stack view is the parent and multiple horizontal stack views are children. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The vertical stack view is the parent, and multiple horizontal stack views are children. 
```

<img src="images/voiceover-guidelines/announce-elements-notice.gif" width="320">

A blind user may never discover that a snackbar was shown in the screen unless they accidentally moved their finger over it. To make the user aware of it, you can send a notification to VoiceOver using [`UIAccessibility.post`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiaccessibility/1615194-post) with [`.layoutChanged`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiaccessibility/notification/1620186-layoutchanged).

```swift
let snackBarView = createSnackBarView()
presentSnackBar(snackBarView)

UIAccessibility.post(notification: .layoutChanged, argument: snackBarView)
```

This notifies VoiceOver that a new view, `snackBarView`, has appeared and it should move the _focus_ to it. VoiceOver will then read its derived `accessibilityLabel`.

Once the element disappears, you should send another notification but with a `nil` argument. This makes VoiceOver immediately move the focus to a different element on the screen.

```swift
UIAccessibility.post(notification: .layoutChanged, argument: nil)
```

### <a name="prefer-disabling"></a>Prefer Disabling Instead of Hiding Elements

> A common UI pattern is hiding elements, such as buttons, until users are able to use them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common UI pattern is hiding elements, such as buttons, until users can use them. 
```
Simplifying :)

Consider making the element visible, but disabled, instead. 

```swift
func viewDidLoad() {
    // Allow VoiceOver users to discover the Insert button. But don't let them use it yet.
    insertButton.isEnabled = false
}

func onImageSelected() {
    // Enable the Insert button when an image was selected.
    insertButton.isEnabled = true
}
```

If a `UIControl`'s `isEnabled` property is set to `false`, UIKit would, by default, automatically add the [`.notEnabled` accessibility trait](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiaccessibility/uiaccessibilitytraits/1620208-notenabled). This makes VoiceOver read the button as `”dimmed”`, which sufficiently informs the user that the `UIControl` is present but cannot be used yet.

### <a name="toggle-buttons"></a>Use Static Labels for Toggle Buttons

In general, avoid changing the `accessibilityLabel` of elements after it's already been set. If an element's `accessibilityLabel` changes over time, users may think that it is **a different element**. This can be confusing, especially if the element is at the same position on the screen.

> If the behavior or meaning of an element, such as a toggle button, changes over time, consider updating the [`accessibilityValue`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/objectivec/nsobject/1615117-accessibilityvalue) instead. The `accessibilityValue` is read by VoiceOver right after the `accessibilityLabel`. This keeps the user informed that they have the same element focused but it has a different state, and will have a different behavior when activated. 

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit wordy. It would be good if it could be reduced a bit.

Author: I shall try. Thank you for pointing it out. 😬

Repeating elements, like buttons inside table view cells, with the same `accessibilityLabel` adds some overhead to users. When focusing on one, a user would have to identify for which item the button is.

Consider the follwing table with at least three _Insight_ cells. The cells have buttons on the right whose `accessibilityLabel` values are all the same, `"Manage Insight"`. 

<img src="images/voiceover-guidelines/repeating-elements-labels.png" width="240">

You might want to consider making the `accessibilityLabel` of these buttons to be more specific but still succinct. 

```swift
todayInsightCell.manageButton.accessibilityLabel = "Manage Today Insight"
allTimeInsightCell.manageButton.accessibilityLabel = "Manage All-Time Insight"
mostPopularInsightCell.manageButton.accessibilityLabel = "Manage Most Popular Insight"
```

With this, a user focusing a `manageButton` would have enough context. They wouldn't need to go navigate back to the cell's title to deduce the context themselves.

### <a name="escape-gesture"></a>Support Escape Gesture for Custom Modal Views

<img src="images/voiceover-guidelines/custom-dialog.gif" width="240">

> VoiceOver has a standard escape gesture which dismisses an alert or returns to the previous screen. You can perform the gesture by moving two fingers back and forth three times quickly, making a “z”. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VoiceOver has a standard escape gesture that dismisses an alert or returns to the previous screen. You can perform the gesture by moving two fingers back and forth three times quickly, making a “z”. 
```

This is generally supported by the all the UIKit components. If you make custom (modal) views, however, VoiceOver may not know how to dismiss it. This can potentially lock your user within that view forever.

> You can support the gesture by overridding [`accessibilityPerformEscape`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/objectivec/nsobject/1615091-accessibilityperformescape) in your custom `UIView` or `UIViewController`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can support the gesture by overriding [`accessibilityPerformEscape`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/objectivec/nsobject/1615091-accessibilityperformescape) in your custom `UIView` or `UIViewController`. 
```
